# Swagger generated server

Spring Boot Server 


## Overview  
This server was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  
By using the [OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-core), you can easily generate a server stub.  
This is an example of building a swagger-enabled server in Java using the SpringBoot framework.  

The underlying library integrating swagger to SpringBoot is [springfox](https://github.com/springfox/springfox)  

Start your server as an simple java application  

You can view the api documentation in swagger-ui by pointing to  
http://localhost:8080/  

Change default port value in application.properties

## Model
Film students, create films bla bla

## Questions:
Do I need to add annotations in subclass? (Need to copy yes)
How about the commands and different paths, need different controllers? (tags, resolved)
Autowired class with only static methods? (NO need can leave static methods)
Use header token subject as parameter for username? (Also owner id in entity not dto) (Yes)
Duplicate jwt classes in both projects (look mvn repository and make jwtutil as library)
Testing with jwt token (Need to test jwt cucumber)

swagger-ui.html doesn't work with enable webmvc in webConfig
swagger-ui.html can't add to exclude path
check for duplicate entries
entity jpa specify many many usefulness?
features cucumber many files
cucumber authorization (need jwt util?)

## TODO 2:
Finish Controllers + endpoints
*Factorise interceptors and give token content in request attribute
*Tryout Cucumber
*custom exceptions (Good error messages) inspiration: https://www.toptal.com/java/spring-boot-rest-api-error-handling
Cucumber tests
*Pagination
*setup docker compose
*test mysql db
*Java 8
*Service hash password
*update firstname or lastname
cleanup
*block user
jmeter
put name id or unique in entities like title of movie

## README
Describe use cases of admin operation (create user account for somebody)
Separate context of use between users/ for admin and endpints with specfic commands for users
Password change verification is done via the subject of the jwt token provided in the auth header.
Choosing username has downside that a user can create multiple accounts with the same email.

Docker compose problem of distributed system containers: Wait for it

Movies what defined them? the title? No multiple movies can have same title.